capital = 315

oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	prussia_history_01
	economic_crisis
	colonial_upkeep
}

recruit_character = GER_otto_wels
recruit_character = GER_albert_speer
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ii
recruit_character = GER_rosa_luxemburg
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_iii
recruit_character = GER_kurt_von_schleicher
recruit_character = GER_manfred_von_richthofen
recruit_character = GER_alfred_saalwachter
recruit_character = GER_august_von_mackensen
recruit_character = GER_carl_heinrich_von_stuelpnagel
recruit_character = GER_erich_ludendorff
recruit_character = GER_erich_raeder
recruit_character = GER_erich_von_manstein
recruit_character = GER_erwin_von_witzleben
recruit_character = GER_fedor_von_boch
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_shulz
recruit_character = GER_georg_von_kuechler
recruit_character = GER_gerd_von_rundstedt
recruit_character = GER_gunther_von_kluge
recruit_character = GER_hasso_von_manteuffel
recruit_character = GER_hermann_hoth
recruit_character = GER_johannes_blaskowitz
recruit_character = GER_karl_donitz
recruit_character = GER_kurt_student
recruit_character = GER_max_bastian
recruit_character = GER_paul_hausser
recruit_character = GER_reinhard_heydrich
recruit_character = GER_walter_model

















set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 20



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.10"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 30
	democratic = 50
	communism = 20
}


